The Joe Rogan experience. That's a bummer man,
that Deontay Wilder stuff that's going on right now.
He's he's released three different excuses.
The first one was the weight vest. The, the thing that he was wearing,
the crazy costume weighed 40 pounds apparently wore his legs out.
The next one was that there was a bunch of people saying that Tyson Fury's
gloves, um, weren't attached correctly. So the gloves were extended.
So he was hitting them with the knuckles and the,
the glove part was not really attached. It was like,
so he was catching them like with the part that's supposed to be over the wrist.
Not correct, not true and easily provable. The next one, he said egg weights.
He said he had egg weights in his hand. This is recent.
Like a couple of days ago.
Then yesterday there was an article that said that he believes that he was his
water was poisoned by his own trainer. And mark Braylin was a part of.
That for folks who've been, I don't know who knew who mark Breland is former,
uh, I think Olympic gold medalist world champion across two different weight
divisions. If I'm not mistaken,
he is the voice of sanity or was until he was dismissed in that corner.
That was the guy that threw the towel for him. Who ha I mean,
Breland should be thanked by Wilder and his camp until the end of time.
His other trainer, um, uh,
I forget his last name starts with a D he was out there at the postcard press
conference being like, and I don't know if I would've thrown that towel.
It's like you, yes, man. Are you kidding me?
Breland took it upon himself to, uh, I don't say the guy's life,
but certainly make the right call for holding the contest.
He was thanked by being dismissed and now essentially dragged through the mud
for the utterly.
What I'm guessing or utterly baseless accusations about poisoning his own
fighter. I mean, maybe Tyson Fury's awesome.
That seems like the simplest explanation.
Tyson fury changed his strategy.
And also you have to realize that Tyson fury in the first fight was coming off
of a multiple year battle with depression, mental illness,
drinking gut suicidal thoughts.
He talked to my podcast about driving his Ferrari and almost slamming into a
bridge. He's like I was,
I was pedal to the metal and I was thinking about slamming into this bridge and
they changed his mind and it just slowly worked his way into shape.
Got healthy again, got his mind right again, and pulled it back around.
But when he fought Deontay Wilder,
the first time his father didn't want him to take the fight. He's like,
you're not healthy enough yet. You're not ready yet. And he did his best.
He fought well,
but it was a draw by the time they fought the second time he was in tip-top
condition, he had gone through the camp for the first fight.
His body was completely recovered from all the abuse of alcohol and cocaine and
all the that he was doing. And then he took on, um, the crunk trainer,
sugar hill, and then his whole strategy changed.
He's like the guy does not fight well off the heel, off the back foot.
Let's let's move him back. And Tyson fury is enormous. He's huge.
Six, nine. Yeah. And he came into the fight at finger, like two 80.
And so he just pressed him and pressed him and just was strong bombs.
And I don't think Deontay Wilder that Deontay while they're expecting him to run
and move and jab and fight the same way he fought in the first fight. Instead,
Tyson fury just came right at him and just clipped him hard and often.
And I think if you go back to their first fight and you look at how,
when Tyson fury got dropped in the 12th Roseline Lazarus and then came back,
survived, and then started winning the round. Right.
And then I think he realized from that moment on, oh,
the way to beat this guys to back them up. Right.
And then he took that strategy sugar hill, of course, like Cronk,
legendary aggressive attack. I mean, they're like the people are MMA.
Fans love shoot the box. They like the shoot, the box of boxing. Right?
If you think about it like aggressive attacking multiple champions,
Gerald McClellan, Tommy Hearns, I mean, the list goes on and on.
And he employed that sort of attacking strategy and he's a
masterful boxer.
Right? That's the other part about it? I mean,
folks don't realize he can play the defensive game.
I think you saw it in the auto Valene fight.
He's so long and has such good trunk movement.
He could actually lean on the ropes and the punches go in front because he's so
tall and long he can, he can play that game. The Klitschko fight, right,
exactly.
Sandbox Vladimir Klitschko was one of the greatest ever, almost.
A thrilling fight. I mean the lot or fight was much better, but, um,
I did a whole video on it. And two, I was like amazed. He,
from the stance he took, he had a little bit of an A-frame stance.
So you can say just the way he was always, um, a double jab away.
So he was long enough where he was outside of anything that Wilder could have
put together. He was rule one, two kind of guy, or, you know,
water would just come lunging in with a punch and he was good enough to back him
up and then steer him into punches.
And I always talk about this Eugene Behrman who who's the, you know,
and everyone gets on me cause I'm always promoting city kickboxing,
but it's like, he's a masterful train. It's like, well, not only that.
I mean every once in a while you come around to a guy who not only can train
fighters to a high degree,
but has an idea about what the game is missing and how to fill that gap.
And they are big believers in fainting. They, they, they make a point.
They basically say like, how is it possible?
You can have people come from this little tiny island. And you know,
auto sign is the very best version of that. But like, they've got good fighter,
Brad, Brad Rodel, uh, Shane young and Dan, they got a lot of guys and Vulcan,
Husky has trained under Brad who trained under a Eugene who basically what they
believe is that what has been missing for a long time and MMA striking is
effective thinking, faking and fainting and that, uh,
they do shadow boxing drills for hours just on fainting,
no punches thrown,
just fainting just to set it all up because they basically say,
if you look at the way,
which a lot of American and even European strikers throw,
it's a lot of sit down and throw combinations, uh, which you could do,
but they don't really believe that's the best way to do it.
The best gap to fill is that fury to circle the point here is
excellent. He is such a brilliant fainter.
And he had Deontay Wilder dead to rights over and over and over
again, which he didn't really do the first time around. And so, you know,
all these excuses about my crane or a poison, it's like, it's like,
that's not what the tape shows.
Bro. Well, he got it. He was making excuses.
When he got dropped with the first punch,
he was like pointing to the back of his head and he was upset.
And you could see, it's like, it's really weird. It's really weird.
When you see a guy who is so utterly dominant and who has what Teddy Atlas
calls, the greater racer that right hand.
Cause it really is erases all your problems. You up a little bit,
watch this plant.
All your mistakes gone with his right hand is a force of nature.
It's one of the best right? Hands on the history of the sport.
Ever. The Louis Ortiz fight. Like what the, man,
what the hit him on the forehead and, or teases down,
like with a look on his face? Like what the F.
And Ortiz is not some chunk. He's huge. He's a Cuban boxer, you know,
who has great pedigree, one shot set his down and he was winning.
The fight. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
He was the one in the fight and all of a sudden black, if you.
Look at the, my, my view on his power is that for straight rights,
which is really what he basically throws or maybe a little bit over handy.
Cause it's a little bit looping. That's one of the best, if not the best. Right?
In all of boxing. If you're talking about full on power punchers though,
I don't know that he's got the full repertoire. Like his,
his upper cut was right-hand as good as, as straight.
I don't know that it is just so you got like Earnie, shavers, bro,
go look up Earnie,
shavers highlights on YouTube and then it smoked some weed beforehand.
You will literally laugh at what he does to men, for sure.
Shocking to watch his power. And he has the full repertoire of it. You know.
A lot of fighters who fought him,
said he was the most powerful punch they ever faced.
Someone told me, I forget who it was, but they, uh,
they got hit by shavers and then they felt it in the, um,
in the roof of their foot, the arch, the arch,
they floated in the arch of their like radiated into the arch of her foot.
What the is that? I never heard some like that. You know what I mean?
Yeah. Well, this power's a weird thing, right?
Like you're the born with it or you're not, I mean, I've,
I've seen so many guys who you you'd look at and they're their babies strong and
you would say, wow, but that guy hits hard and they can't crack an egg. No,
there was. There's like, there's a bunch of them.
There's always been a bunch of them in boxing. It has been a bunch of them.
Like you see them in the gym and then you see guys like,
do you remember Michael McDonald when he was a kid? When he's coming up? Yes.
Skinny looks like a little boy, knocked people into another dimension.
And you're like, whoa, this is crazy. Goes back to the Wilder fight.
Like while they're Deontay,
before Tyson fury beat him had only gotten to decision two times Tyson
fury and a Dominic Brazil. Was that what was.
Brazil? He knocked out in the first round, in the remaining bourbons to Vern.
Right.
Vern's to Vern was in the first fight. He beat him by decision. Right.
And so he had been used and he had gotten so confident and towards the end of
his career, I remember there's a photo of him walking, um,
to the fight or walking through a casino in Vegas.
It's an amazing photo.
He's wearing a fur coat with an open shirt holding wife's hand.
And he just looks like the ultimate heavyweight champion of the world. Yeah.
Like you, you seem like that is what I want from a heavyweight champion.
Just top of the game, just wearing these crazy sunglasses,
fully shredded for coat,
holding his wife hand I'm like that that's heavyweight champion Connor or has.
That in his head. Yeah.
Connor's the heavyweight champion of the world in his head, you know,
which I don't like, I'm not bashing them for it. Like I want,
I want that you should,
you should be resplendent and ignorant and amazing all at once. You can.
Find that photo of Deontay Wilder holding his wife's hand wearing a fur coat.
He's one of my favorite fighter photos.
Like getting ready for a fight of all time because it's so just aggressively
confident just, and on top of the world, how do.
You do that? It's almost like a you to everybody. You know, he.
Was basically, he was being the baddest man on the planet. I don't.
Think I've ever had that kind of self-confidence ever, you know what I mean?
Well, yeah.
I mean, you have to have that to be that guy. Right. Right.
Especially when you have.
You know, he doesn't have the widest skillset. Yeah.
I mean, well literally came into the game. I mean,
I had the privilege of that's one of them. Is that the one I,
this is one where he's got no shirt on. Oh, up in the,
is it for the first or second that he doesn't have a shirt on? It's just a oh,
okay. Okay. That is, yeah, there.
It is. That's it. There's a few of them.
He looks like Mr. T with all the chains.
Too. I mean, come on.
Man, you got a white guy getting your luggage even better.
He just, I mean, I'm a fan of his, I really am.
And I'm a fan of his as a human being. I really enjoy talking to him.
And then he told me a story. He's a great guy.
He got into boxing because his daughter was sick and he was a bifido. Right.
Yeah. He, and he's a delivery guy for like,
was it Budweiser or something like that? Or Coca-Cola some liquid.
And he was like, look, I got to make some money.
And he knew he wasn't going to be able to play, uh,
in a college sport or in a professional sport without a college background.
She's like, well, I'm gonna get into boxing a year and a half in wins,
a bronze medal in the Olympics. Like what the?
Just dumb power.
Power, crazy. Like, like one in a billion human power. But.
If you've ever seen him interact with his kids,
like the nobility of trying to do that for your daughter is one thing he's got
like a bunch of kids got like five or six of them. And I'm like, uh,
I didn't know. I just had a kid about 18 months ago.
I didn't understand it when I would watch. But like,
I don't think he's happier than when,
when he's with his children and it's not even,
there's not even a close second doting family, man. It's really unfortunate.
He's made these excuses because as a person, he seems like such a sweet guy.
It's.
A bummer. And I, and I wish someone was there to advise him Breland. He was,
well, I should bring, you know, I don't know.
Maybe mark doesn't have the kind of relationship with them that he can.
Call them. Right. Understanding his, uh, his, uh,
his manager and his manager was the one who brought in Breland years ago.
I was like a, was like, we need somebody here. Who's like a high level trainer,
uh, and brought him in. And it worked for a time anyway, but.
Here we are. I talked to Roy Jones about him. And Roy Jones was saying,
if he trained him,
what he would train him is he would concentrate his left hand. He was like,
well, you know, you could put people to sleep with your right hand. He goes,
what about your left hand? He goes, I want to keep people distance, use the jab,
use the hook. He goes, I would concentrate on just working that left hand.
He goes, that would fix so many of his problems.
Cause his left hand is just like, here comes the right. It comes the right.
Boom. I mean, he'll throw jabs, but you're not terrified of it.
The way you're terrified of Roy Jones.
Left-hand episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify.
That's right. They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere.
But after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify much.
Buh-bye okay.